README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Telegram Bot

> One paragraph statement about the project.

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Author

👤 **K**

- GitHub: [@harshdeepkanhai](https://github.com/harshdeepkanhai)
- Twitter: [@harshdeepkanhai](https://twitter.com/harshdeepkanhai)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/harshdeepkanhai)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Ruby Gem Telegram Bot
- zenquotes API

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.

Commit message:

Add tests and update README.md

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Telegram Bot

> A telegram bot that gets you quotes and jokes

![screenshot](./images/bot_server.png)

![screenshot](./images/tele_bot_client.png)

## Built With

- Ruby
- Bundler gem


## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

- Ruby 
- Bundler gem installed

### Setup

- clone the repo

### Install

- run `bundle install` in root directory

### Usage

- run `./bin/main.rb` in your shell from the root directory to start the bot
- check telegram and find bot by searching `@mega_auto_bot`

### Run tests

- run `rspec` in root directory to run tests

### Deployment



## Author

👤 **K**

- GitHub: [@harshdeepkanhai](https://github.com/harshdeepkanhai)
- Twitter: [@harshdeepkanhai](https://twitter.com/harshdeepkanhai)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/harshdeepkanhai)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Ruby Gem Telegram Bot
- zenquotes API

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](lic.url) licensed.
